code style updates (#4)
cloudinary-devs/doc-home-node-app: README.md

### Prerequisites

1. Make sure you have a Cloudinary account or [register for free](https://cloudinary.com/users/register_free).

> 2. Create a new `.env` file in the root of the project and copy your `CLOUDINARY_URL` environment variable into it. You can find your credentials in your Cloudinary Console Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Rename `.env.example` to `.env` and replace the dummy `CLOUDINARY_URL` environment variable value with yours.  You can copy the full environment variable or the individual credentials from your Cloudinary Console Dashboard. <p>Note that `.env` is included in the .gitignore of this repo. Make sure you never store your Cloudinary environment variable or API secret in any publicly available location. </p>

```
